This slap is for my mom
How dare you hit me?
Didn't you just stand here and say let me fight?
This this
This slap
I bought it for 10,000 bucks
you
You what you
Aren't you short of money?
Ah then I'll slap you again
10,000 yuan for you
Not Li Qiong
You are going too far.
After all, we are relatives
Why did you hit your second aunt so hard?
Now think about the mood
What did you do when you let him bully my mother?
You loach
You wait for me.
Is this the end?
Let my son come and take care of you later
Son, you treat your second aunt and second uncle like this.
Is it too much?
Mom, they are just bullying the soft and afraid of the hard.
I promise that no one will dare to bully you again
Son, you have grown up.
Can you talk?
I'm going to cook
Alright Xiao Zhou
Go back to the company first
Okay, Mr. Xia will go
Why is my wife still unhappy?
You two
The food factory has such a big problem
Why didn't you tell me?
If I'm short of money, I can get it from the textile factory
Yeah.
Isn't the money problem solved now?
Photographer Xiaoyan, you don't know that loaches are amazing
$1,000 in the stock market 4 million
Now there's enough money to rebuild the food factory
I don't need to borrow money from you.
Ultimately
You still think I'm redundant